[[clang::always_destroy]] attribute silences warn-exit-time-destructor (#86486)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now correctly diagnoses no arguments to a variadic macro parameter as a C23/C++20 extension.
  Fixes #GH84495.

> - Clang no longer emits the ``exit-time destructor`` warning on static variables explicitly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang no longer emits a ``-Wexit-time destructor`` warning on static variables explicitly
```

> - Clang no longer emits a ``-Wexit-time destructor`` warning on static variables explicitly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang no longer emits a ``-Wexit-time destructors`` warning on static variables explicitly
```
